the Book of Amos the words of Amos who
was among the sheep readers of Toccoa
which he saw concerning Israel in the
days of as I king of Judah and in the
days of Jeroboam the son of jewish king
of israel two years before the
earthquake and he said the lord roars
from zion and utters his voice from
jerusalem the pastures of the Shepherds
mourn at the top of Carmel withers thus
says the Lord for three transgressions
of Damascus and for four I will not turn
away its punishment because they have
thrashed Gilead with implements of eyes
but I will send a fire into the house of
hassel which shall devour the palaces of
ben-hadad I will also break the gate bar
of Damascus and cut off the inhabitant
from the valley of evil and the one who
holds the scepter from birth even the
people of Syria shall go captive to kur
says the Lord thus says the Lord for
three transgressions of Gaza and for
four I will not turn away its punishment
because they took captive the whole
captivity to deliver them up to Eden but
I will send a fire upon the wall of Gaza
which shall devour its palaces I will
cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod and
the one who holds the scepter from
ashqelon I will turn my hand against
every and the remnant of the Philistine
Shall Perish says the Lord God
thus says the Lord for three
transgressions of tiled and for fall I
will not turn away its punishment
because they delivered up the whole
captivity to eat them and did not
remember the covenant of brotherhood but
I will send a fire upon the wall of time
which shall devour its palaces thus says
the Lord for three transgressions of
Edom and for four I will not turn away
its punishment because he pursued his
brother with the sword and cast off all
pity his anger tall for petula and he
kept his wrath forever but I will send a
fire upon team which shall devour the
palaces of Basra thus says the Lord for
three transgressions of the people of
Ammon and for four I will not turn away
its punishment because they ripped open
the women with child in Gilead that they
might enlarge their territory but I will
kindle a fire in the wall of rubber and
it shall devour its palaces amid
shouting in the day
and a tempest in the day of the
whirlwind their king shall go into
captivity he and his princes together
says the Lord
[Music]